DOC-5359 log export aws consistency pass (#14881)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/export-logs.md

- `{secret_key}` is your {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} API key. See [API Access](console-access-management.html) for instructions on generating this key.

## {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} log export Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

### Is it possible to configure exported logs to be redacted at source?

> Logs exported in this fashion retain [`redactable`](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/configure-logs.html#redact-logs) markers, but are **not** themselves redacted. Do not use this feature with sensitive log messages that you do not wish to export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs exported in this fashion retain [`redactable`](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/configure-logs.html#redact-logs) markers, but are **not** themselves redacted. Based on your needs, you could optionally redact sensitive data in the logs at your end by making use of `redactable` markers, before the logs are consumed by your team.
```

> Logs exported in this fashion retain [`redactable`](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/configure-logs.html#redact-logs) markers, but are **not** themselves redacted. Based on your needs, you could optionally redact sensitive data in the logs at your end by making use of `redactable` markers, before the logs are consumed by your team.

Reviewer 2: "at your end" meaning you need to put another proxy application in between CRDB and whatever "team" was going to consume "your logs", in order to do the redaction? that is more non-trivial than this makes it sound, no?
You could do that with Satori I think, maybe link to the Satori integration page if that is correct? In any case I'd suggest fleshing out "at your end" a bit more in a way that is helpful for decision-making/estimating the complexity of what is involved.

### Is it possible to configure multiple log export configurations to send different log channels to different log groups in AWS CloudWatch?

No, only one log export configuration is currently possible per cluster.

> ### For a multi-region cluster, are the logs exported to one CloudWatch region?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### For a multi-region cluster, are the logs from all regions exported to one CloudWatch region?
```

> Yes, logs for each region in your cluster are exported to the corresponding CloudWatch region configured for your account. Ensure that the target AWS CloudWatch [log group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/iam-access-control-overview-cwl.html#CWL_ARN_Format) is configured with the same name in all target regions, and that the [IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles.html) you are using has permission to access each regional log group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, logs for each region in your cluster are exported to the corresponding CloudWatch region configured for your account. Ensure that the target AWS CloudWatch [log group] is configured with the same name in all target regions, and that the [IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles.html) you are using has permission to access each regional log group.
```

### What log channels are supported?

Currently, the following CockroachDB [log channels](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/logging-overview.html#logging-channels) are supported for export in this manner: `SESSIONS`,`OPS`, `HEALTH`, `STORAGE`, `SQL_SCHEMA`, `USER_ADMIN`, `PRIVILEGES`, `SENSITIVE_ACCESS`, `SQL_EXEC`, and `SQL_PERF`. Other log channels are not exportable from {{ site.data.products.dedicated }}.

### Is it possible to include SQL audit logs as part of the log export capability?

> Yes, the [SQL Audit Log](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/sql-audit-logging.html) is exported via the `SENSITIVE_ACCESS` log channel by default, as long as you have first enabled audit logging on desired tables using the [`ALTER TABLE ...EXPERIMENTAL_AUDIT`](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/experimental-audit.html) statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, the [SQL Audit Log](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/sql-audit-logging.html) is exported via the `SENSITIVE_ACCESS` log channel by default, as long as you have previously enabled audit logging on desired tables using the [`ALTER TABLE ...EXPERIMENTAL_AUDIT`](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/experimental-audit.html) statement.
```
